>>>RAW.td-000092

# Baretable containing bullet lists

: !!PROS!!

- ~~Concentrate on writing content.~~ - SML/||publish|| removes the
distractions and time-consuming struggles of choosing the appearance
of your content.

- ~~No Presentation Inconsistencies.~~ - Inconsistencies in the
appearance of your documents are eliminated since the ||publish||
program renders the presentation of the document for you.

- ~~Easier to Learn Than LaTeX.~~ - If you want to get started
producing beautiful documents with LaTeX, using the ||publish||
program is a great way to start.  Learning the SML rules is easier
than learning LaTeX.

- ~~Your content is future proof.~~ - Plain text is going to be around
for a long long time.

- ~~Modularize your content.~~ - The `include' feature enables you to
modularize your content and make components reusable.

- ~~Nothing is hidden.~~ - Since all the content is plain text,
nothing is hidden.  There are no mysterious problems due to the
tangled mess you get with some word processor formats.

- ~~Publish to many renditions.~~ - Use the same source document to
produce HTML, PDF, CSV, RTF, XML, and even publish the structured data
to CSV.[f:pros-and-cons:1]

- ~~Separate style from content.~~ - Want to change the style across
the board?  Change the style sheet without touching the
content.[f:pros-and-cons:2]

- ~~Automatically produce documents.~~ - It's easy to write programs
that output data in SML.  Furthermore, you can run the ||publish||
program from the command line or call it from other programs.

- ~~Documents that write themselves!~~ - Using the `script' feature,
you can produce documents that write themselves (even recursively).
Imagine writing a computer security vulnerability assessment report
that automatically performs the vulnerability assessment while
publishing the report!

- ~~High Quality Typeset Output~~ - The program uses LaTeX to produce
extremely high quality typeset output.  This level of typesetting
quality is hard to achieve even with the best word processors.

: !!CONS!!

- ~~Using a Text Editor.~~ - You must edit plain text rather than
using a WYSIWYG word processor.  Few individuals apart from
programmers are comfortable using a plain text editor.

- ~~Learning the Semantic Manuscript Language~~ - You must learn the
Semantic Manuscript Language.  Even though it is designed to be as
simple as possible, you still have to learn the SML rules.

- ~~Poor for layout intensive work.~~ - The ||publish|| program is not
good for layout intensive documents like pamphlets or newsletters.

- ~~Limitations of SML~~ - You may need some feature not supported by
SML.  If you find this to be the case, let me know (drj826@acm.org)
and I might implement that feature.

---

<<<RAW
