>>>DOCUMENT.td-000094

title:: Definition List Test

subtitle:: Glossary Term and Definition References

* Introduction

This is an introduction to a test document.  The purpose of this test
document is to render a definition list in which the terms are
glossary term references and the definitions are glossary definition
references.

= [g:sml:division] = [def:sml:division]

= [g:sml:block] = [def:sml:block]

= [g:sml:string] = [def:sml:string]

= [g:sml:line] = [def:sml:line]

glossary:: block {sml} = (SML) A contiguous sequence of one or more
~~whole~~ [g:sml:line]s of text.  Blocks end with either a blank line
or the beginning of another block. Blocks cannot contain blank lines.
Blocks may contain [g:sml:inline] elements

glossary:: division {sml} = (SML) A contiguous sequence of whole
[g:sml:line]s.  A division has an ~~unambiguous~~ beginning and end.
Sometimes the beginning and end are explicit and other times they are
implicit.  A division may be uniquely identified using an [g:sml:ID].
The [g:sml:ID] may be used to refer to the division

glossary:: ID {sml} = (SML) A string of characters that
uniquely identifies a referenceable element of document content

glossary:: inline {sml} = (SML) A contiguous string of [g:sml:text]
that may be a ~~partial~~ line of text or may span one or more ~~whole
or partial~~ lines. Inline elements may be used within [g:sml:block]s
but not vice-versa.  An inline text element may span multiple
[g:sml:line]s but may ~~not~~ span multiple [g:sml:block]s

glossary:: line {sml} = (SML) A single line of raw text from a
[g:sml:SML] file.  A line begins in the first column even if the
leading characters are whitespace characters.  A line ends with a
[g:sml:newline] character.  Authors often wrap lines after
approximately 70 characters to improve readability

glossary:: newline {sml} = (SML) The character that ends a line of
text.  Newline is also known as ``line break,'' ``end-of-line,'' or
``EOL.''  Software and operating systems typically represent newline
characters with one or two control characters. Systems based on ASCII
or a compatible character set use either ||LF|| (Line feed, `||\n||',
||0x0A||, 10 in decimal) or ||CR|| (Carriage return, `||\r||',
||0x0D||, 13 in decimal) individually, or ||CR|| followed by ||LF||
(||CR+LF||, `||\r\n||', ||0x0D0A||). These characters are based on
printer commands: The line feed indicated that one line of paper
should feed out of the printer, and a carriage return indicated that
the printer carriage should return to the beginning of the current
line

glossary:: Semantic Manuscript Language {sml} = (SML) A minimalistic
descriptive markup language designed to be human readable, easy to
edit, easy to automatically generate, able to express and validate
semantic relationships, and contain all information necessary to
publish professional documentation from plain text manuscripts

glossary:: SML {sml} = (SML) [g:sml:Semantic Manuscript Language]

glossary:: string {sml} = (SML) A sequence of characters. Some strings
have special meaning like bold, italics, underlined, fixed width,
superscript, and subscript strings.  Strings are also used to
represent cross references and other content with special meaning.
Strings may be nested inside other strings. String content may span
newline boundaries. The content of a [g:sml:block] is a string. See
also [g:sml:line], [g:sml:block], and [g:sml:division]

glossary:: text {sml} = (SML) A string of 7-bit ASCII encoded
characters, any length, may contain white space characters (space,
tab, newline).  See also [g:sml:inline], markup and content

<<<DOCUMENT
