>>>DOCUMENT

######################################################################

title:: Definition List Test

id:: td-000082

######################################################################

This document contains definition lists to test the systems capability
to parse and render definition lists.

= TLA = Three Letter Acronym

= [g:BRD] = [def:BRD]

= [g:sml:business requirement] = [def:sml:business requirement]

###

glossary:: BRD = Business Requirements Document

glossary:: business requirement {sml} = (SML) A requirement that
describes what an organization or role must do for another
organization or role.  Business requirements begin with the phrase,
``The organization shall...'' [G:sml:system requirement]s are derived
from business requirements and consist of [g:sml:functional
requirement]s, [g:sml:non-functional requirement]s, and
[g:sml:technical requirement]s

glossary:: system requirement {sml} = (SML) A requirement that
describes what a system must ~~do~~ or ~~be~~.  Vetting Operations
engineering uses three types of system requirements: [g:sml:functional
requirement]s, [g:sml:non-functional requirement]s, and
[g:sml:technical requirement]s

glossary:: functional requirement {sml} = (SML) A requirement that
describes what a system or system component must do for a user.
Functional requirements begin with the phrase, ``The system shall
enable the user to...'' Functional requirements are typically derived
from [g:sml:business requirement]s. Functional requirements are
independent of system implementation. See also [g:sml:non-functional
requirement] and [g:sml:system requirement]

glossary:: non-functional requirement {sml} = (SML) A type of
[g:sml:system requirement] that defines something a system must ~~be~~
(i.e. be secure, be maintainable, be scalable, be usable, be
available, etc.).  Non-functional requirements are often called
`ilities' (security, maintainability, scalability, usability,
availability, etc.).  Non-functional requirements begin with the
phrase, ``The system shall be...'' Non-functional requirements are
often derived from [g:sml:business requirement]s.See also
[g:sml:functional requirement] and [g:sml:technical requirement]

glossary:: technical requirement {sml} = (SML) A [g:sml:requirement]
that describes something a system must ~~do~~ to support another
system function.  Note the difference between a ~~technical
requirement~~ and a ~~[g:sml:functional requirement]~~.  A ~~technical
requirement~~ describes what the system must do for another system or
[g:sml:system component].  A ~~functional requirement~~ describes what
the system must do for a ~~user~~.  Technical requirements begin with
the phrase, ``The system shall...''  Technical requirements may be
implementation specific/dependent. See also DHS definition of
[g:sml:system requirement].  Technical requirements are derived from
[g:sml:functional requirement]s and [g:sml:non-functional
requirement]s.

glossary:: requirement {sml} = (SML) A statement of needed
organizational or system capability.  Requirements for organizational
capability are called [g:sml:business requirement]s.  Requirements for
system capability are called [g:sml:system requirement]s

glossary:: system component {sml} = (SML) Any discrete item that is
part of a system or subsystem

<<<DOCUMENT
